docs: Clarify what the certificate is supposed to be in the saml config. (#18243)
zulip/zulip: docs/production/authentication-methods.md

    1. On your Zulip server, `mkdir -p /etc/zulip/saml/idps/`
    2. Put the IDP public certificate in `/etc/zulip/saml/idps/{idp_name}.crt`
    3. (Optional) Put the Zulip server public certificate in `/etc/zulip/saml/zulip-cert.crt`

>        and the corresponding private key in `/etc/zulip/saml/zulip-private-key.key`. Note that
>        the certificate is supposed to be a standard X.509 certificate.

Reviewer: The confusion in #17955 was if it wanted a full cert chain, or just a single cert, which seems like we should call out; e.g. something like

```suggestion
       and the corresponding private key in `/etc/zulip/saml/zulip-private-key.key`. Note that
       the certificate should be the single X.509 certificate for the server, not a full chain of
       trust, which consists of multiple certificates.
```
